if it were just the top line i 'd give it a thumbs up . no tastiness . no 50 shades of grey thank you . i really like " steel encased in velvet " as a simile to be fair . but is it an apt description of hard - on in your mouth ?
if they stopped selling plastic bottles then people would bring their own bottles as like everyone takes water to the park no ? how about selling non plastic bottles ? did that ever occur to you ? are they ever going to consider that ? no . what material other than plastic would you use that people are n't going to litter anyway ?
pretty sure i listened to a podcast interview with a guy who experinced a similar story . it ended with a sword fight . you ca nt just talk about a sword fight without providing more details . that 's just not right . i hunted this down just for you . <url>
everyone has off days well not everyone but most people do on saturday forgive me brether
no i got the argument , it just was n't a good one . clearly you did n't . it was n't an argument . it was an observation . and ' good ' is a relative concept . eh , you were dragging in a topic that barely were related to the discussion at hand to throw shade at dems , so no , not that relative .
this but unironically ... i like rome but i 'm not going to kid myself into thinking it 's better than game of thrones got is good , but let 's not kid ourselves - is 's no westworld . and when the words of radiance gets filmed ...
what is the best tv series up to date right now in your opinion ? that 's hard . probably rick and morty . ehhh i 'm between game of thrones and rick and morty myself . i know that 's like comparing apples and oranges but both are great .
reddit grammar whores : what went wrong in life ? that colon should be a comma i 'm pretty sure colon works there
my saturday morning set up seeing herb this beautiful saddens me . i live in one of the most " murican " states possible and will probably be one of the last states to legalize it man y' all think you have it bad over there but you 've never seen idaho politics .
what 's your go - to steak sauce that is n't a1 ? salt and pepper only , because i 'm not a piece of garbage . upvoted , but upon reflection op did not actually imply that the sauce was to be used on steak . a1 sauce is a perfectly good sauce , just not for steak .
is there somewhere i could procure some pitchforks , you know , in case of zombies ? no , but could i offer you a boring flamethrower ? i would prefer the more engaging model .
sure you do man , might have to work up the courage , but you got it ! better speak up , lest you regret it later ! i do n't wanna be too self - loathing , but i do n't think i would get anywhere . even if not , what do you have to lose ? you got ta put yourself out there or else you 'll miss opportunities
if andrew jackson were alive polio would nt have even been a thing i heard that andrew jackson was so anti - slavery that he 's the one who guided moses . certainly explains why there were no native americans on that trek through the desert .
also tunnels . tunnels directly through the concrete , even . or cut wire for the fence parts of it . or go around it . or immigrate legally
nepal is pretty far up land wise . how did it get affected ? sorry if stupid question . lot 's of rain i think thank you man .
what is the best movie title of all time ? do n't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood how old was ashtray 's father ?
this appalled me - not because of what was said , but because it 's 100 % true . i must again emphasize the astronomically low chance of you or anyone you know ever being in a mass shooting . why must you emphasize that ? why does it need to happen to you or someone you know for it to be a problem ?
is it possible that lynch started out making a completely normal crime drama and then took increasingly larger doses of lsd ? not kidding , he 's all about transcendental mediation . which if i 'm not mistaken produces dmt . so yeah , he 's a total dmt fiend . you are indeed mistaken .
so force people to listen to ideas they do n't want to ? yeah , you know , anti - propaganda . get them while they 're young . are you saying it 's a good thing or bad ?
i did n't buy my computer and i do n't pay for the internet that i use . i do n't have an income big enough to save up for games that cost £ 40 - 60 . then whoever bought you your computer and pays for your internet can buy you games . that would be my parents and they wo n't give me money for games as they think it 's a waste of money and time .
we 're still the best at this tho ... -us government then we committed an act of war against our ally , israel , under the obama administration edit : link fixed . link is broken .
oh look someone being a troll about the cfl . nah just football in general . oh ok grandma .
boys are back in town a knights tale <url> because it was used in the ad campaign for toy story , that song is always woody and buzz for me . never saw that one . guess it did n't run in the whole world ?
what are your pet peeves about reddit users ? the glorification of emma watson , blm , and feminism i have not seen any glorification of blm or feminism . but then again i spend allot of time on <url>
the only limit is yourself . you can do anything at <url> anything at all .
what question do you hate to answer ? what 's new ? i suddenly feel like the most boring human being on the entire planet when asked this . i hate this question . i feel obligated to provide a plethora of new , exciting news every time which i never have
are you indian ? you 're welcome . i am bangladeshi . india is my neighbour country . ok m8 . try to make money online . google : blackhatworld forum .
it is a signal to all the realms that earth is ready for a higher form of war ! an infinity war , even .  but first , a civil war . what 's so civil about war ?
well it 's easy when daddy gives you a managers position out of high school and then you inherit the business when he steps down . not every company is tommy boy , generally if the child sucks at running the business it either fails or the son is pushed out . article 's takeaway sails right on over your head
this satement will come for him in couple years you mean next summer ? madrid will get their man kane is not pretty enough for flo 's galacticos .
there 's more gold on the website : son information : can lift 60 pounds no scent raised to be respectful favorite tree : oak thank god he does n't prefer maple ! maple is so much better than oak when it comes to wood .
everyone , get in here ! okay , okay , jeez . you 're stressing me out . am i late ? oh god , tell me that i 'm not late ! oh god !
when he comes back it 's the end of the world , so we 'll know . he 's not coming back to visit . where does it say that ? the entire book of revelation as well as the ending of matthew edit : and parts of ezekiel and daniel
if you travel due south from detroit you 're in canada . if you travel due south from houston , tx you 'll also end up in canada eventually . what ? ? how .. i need explanation
i just upvoted a pile of burning leaves . i give up on today . do n't give up on california . british columbia has been aflame for a while , now . it 's crazy what 's going on on the west coast
do you honestly think that is at all realistic , considering the military resources the government has ? we could n't control afghanistan and iraq because of the guerrillas , now image those guerrillas on steroids . we never tried to control those nations .
sod the beer , we brit 's need it for our crumpets ! more crumpets less beer ! ya lads , but what'er we 's git both of 'em ' stead , eh ?
or robben 's van persie 's header van persie mate . i know it 's hard to imagine , but we used to have more than 1 decent player . that was an iconic goal
even " i want a lawyer , dawg " has been held to be not a request for a lawyer , but a request for a lawyer dog . louisiana , of course . satire ? it is not . actual ruling that " i want a lawyer , dawg " was not unequivocal .
are we seriously still talking about this ? the primaries were n't rigged . hillary was just the better candidate . deal with it .  hillary was just the better candidate .  she could not beat trump , was she really the better ? you 're assuming bernie could
batteries run out get a better watch . my digital watch has been trucking for years now will it be still trucking when your dead
redditors who grew up poor , what were your go to poor people meals ? beans on toast man , still a classic add a bit of grated cheese if you 're feeling adventurous .
two jets with enough fuel to fly across the country ? does n't burn hot enough to melt steel l0l get a clue and they had just flown so the tanks were nt full . next ! flying from ny to la on an empty tank ?
his vp ? right , like allegations of trump being a gay hater only started when he tapped mike pence to be his vp . what a short attention span this sub has . he never said it started with pence , but the question asked was one of proof . that 's fantastic proof .
the same reason it 's unethical to torture a human . one reason might be that " humans feel pain " . but mimics would n't ... those mimics seemed to feel pain just as much as we do .
taking antidepressants for the first time lexapro sucked for me but now i take zoloft and it works a lot better imo sorry it sucked for you but happy you 're on better medication now , thanks for your answer
it 's just insane how ridiculous this stuff is getting . and it 's only going to get worse it seems . this is america . let 's change the subject .
you 're right , i did n't think of that lol but licking them does n't coat it enough tbh i mean that 's the whole point of a woman " getting wet " it 's a self lubricating device
he 'll call her , but wo n't get laid tonight . swisha rolled tight got sprayed by ike i hit the highway , making money the fly way
what about macy 's we do have stores that carry suits but are n't fully dedicated to suits : macy 's , jc penney , dillard 's , express , aeropostale , banana republic ... just fyi - macy 's is having a huge men 's suit sale right now . ~50 % off most all suits
when people entangle peoples ' personal identities with organizations , you know something is wrong . i suggest you stop doing it . i suggest he ignores your suggestion . i suggest we all go to the lobby .
a few questions from a new reader . per rule 3.3 , please post book recommendation requests in <url> or in our weekly recommendation thread . apologies . that part has been removed .
his phone died so his alarm did n't wake him up . he called me at like noon when he was supposed to be on site at 6 am . do people not charge their phones overnight ? seems like the most obvious time to do it . that 's the only time i ever charge my phone . i have no idea what was going through his head .
also known as a layer 8 error ahhh , i get it , because the osi model has 7 layers ! right guys ? .. guys ? ? networked data is surprisingly like ogres .
finding pants . i 'm a 6'1 " woman with hips . it 's hard . also , public transportation seats and plane seats . one year in high school , all of my pants suddenly became capris . ever since then , i 've hated trying to buy pants . which brings up another downside to being tall : growing pains . i grew almost 6 inches in high school . could n't sleep from the pain many nights .
erm should i feel insulted saying akinfeev is a soviet lifer seeing akinfeev and ignashevitch still gives me slight ptsd tbqh
any good nonfiction books about any of the 4 major us sports ? ( american football , baseball , hockey and basketball ) moneyball , by michael lewis read it . loved it . have you read the blind side by michael lewis ?
you 've been tasked with creating earth 2.0 what features or bug fixes does the new version include ? universal language . esperanto , perhaps ? is that you rimmer ?
is that a little bit of radish on there ? interesting toppings but it looks awesome ! yes , i put some radish , arugula , avocado , swiss cheese , and honey - mustard toppings do you pickle the radishes ? i imagine that would be tasty as well .
doubt it 'll get repealed , i 'd have sent him . what about you tim ? would you ? personally no , but i can see why it was given in real time . i think it will get repealed though . i can see why it might be repealed , it 's a little dangerous for me , its when he comes off his feet , and he 's going full pelt . i 'd send him i think .
only in freedom units i mean this is an american website so that would be the proper units i 'm an american too , but there are plenty of international people on here . just because the company is american - based does n't mean a whole lot .
i 'd hate to share the room with women . women 's restrooms get disgusting way faster than men 's . oh i totally disagree , men get pee everywhere ! pee is sterile and basically just water , nothing to fear
what do you always keep well - stocked in your fridge ? pickled items like various types of olives , capers , pickles , pepperoncinis , etc i used to eat capers by the jar . i guess i m buying capers tomorrow .
wait , really ? he said that ? wait sorry , he said i love canada . <url> the best people . the greatest . trust me
every year the number of people with the same age as you only decreases . i saw you on cowbelly 's reddit awards , you famous now boi who is cowbelly ?
in my eyes i 'll always be skinny i think huge bodybuilders sometime look at themselves and like " pf what a straw man , where is mu serious mass powder ? " yes . arnold won mr olympia 7 times ( of which 6 in a row ) and still was n't satisfied with his body .
well i raised you and your brothers and you 're all still alive !  my parents when i tell them not to do something with my kid  maybe your kid will grow out of his peanut allergy . just give him a little bite .   ackchyually ...  but in all seriousness , it turns out that might be exactly what we need to do , in much smaller and controlled doses . <url>
what 's a mistake you only make once ? not backing up family photos . i 've seen many people do this more than once and proceed to blame apple for it .
oh dang you 're getting someone upset ! dear god . i 've upset a total stranger online . you would be a dead man if this was n't reddit and i was actually willing to defend him .
man that must suck . ca n't you go for decaffeinated coffee then ? very hard to get decaffeinated coffee at a cafe / restaurant / bar . you would need to buy it in a shop and brew it yourself . as a former waiter ... asking for decaffeinated coffee will get a huge " sighhhhh " . it means brewing a brand new pot for just one person .
i trust people less when they use words like , " baby , " or " parent " to describe their relationships their pets . my dog is like a father to me . how dare you . did he even breastfeed you ?
arrival . already saw doctor strange and nothing else really piqued my interest . i want to see both of them ... have a good time . let me know how it is . i really , really enjoyed doctor strange , for the record . it was super entertaining and eggs benedict cumberwaggle was a great fit for the character .
it 's jets pizza now i have to try this pizza . i went through the comments to find the name . it 's ok . if your a fan of very doughy pizzas you 'll love it
how will world war i and ii be remembered 1000 years from now ? man ... remember when earth only had two world wars ... man ....... remember when we thought those wars were bad ?
amazing film . robbie did an incredible job . pretty much guaranteed a best actress nomination at the oscars this year . just think how good she could have made suicide squad had they let her .
soldiers generally win battles ; generals get credit for them . - napoleon bonaparte quantity has a quality all to it 's own - napoleon in reference to his vast amounts of troops and artillery . i thought that was a stalin quote
she still has n't said merry christmas . happy holidays i 'm literally shaking right now .
no way ! i do n't know if i 've ever noticed that ? my memory can be a bit shaky sometimes so maybe i 'm just not remembering . you 'll have to play it again and see for yourself . it seems that way , does n't it ?
if you were a pirate , what animal other than a parrot would you choose to carry on your shoulder ? several lizards women love swarms of lizards
its possible . just got ta he dedicated and learn that partying / drinking / drugs is n't all that important . your career is . so how do you stay dedicated when everyone else seems to be having an amazing time ? learn to study in your free time !
muruti - turacku dorifto ! ! dejavu , i haff been in dis place before ! higher on the beat
has n't tony retired , like three times now ? iron man 3 , age of ultron , and civil war ? i think that 's the point . he keeps trying to retire but it wo n't stick . only one thing is gon na stop him from being a hero now .
which british actor should be chosen as the next james bond and why ? elba . you always want to diversify your bonds . he is almost 45 tho .
this wo n't be the first time the scotus rules unanimously against the 9th circuit . a sad day for justice . sad ? how so ? because it 's upholding the laws that govern the people ? the laws are in the presidents favor . wait for scotus
so captain jack will finally return to doctor who ? but did n't the face of boe die ? how is that relevant in a time travel show ?
from blackburn was it not ? we signed keane from nottingham forest i think we did , but he was due to sign for blackburn before fergie gazumped them
what is something you wo n't tell your friends or family , but you will tell reddit ? that i am seriously depressed 24/7 and have tried unsuccessfully to kill myself twice . that would be an awkward conversation maybe it 's a wake up call to get help
kane has appealed hahaa dae kane does anyone else kane ?
she 's mine . eyes off . i like all her tweets on twitter what do you do ? i 'm commited . as long as you do n't stalk her and find out where she lives it 's ok . everyone has dream crushes ! edit : words
are you in college by any chance ? high school that s what i meant by not super serious
which country would you never go to and why ? antarctica . it 's so pompous being both country and continent . what do you think about australia ?
suck it , prout . wooooooooo ! that 's the dalton prout i remember . failing to clear net front even though he 's a mammoth . to be fair boone is pretty huge
do you approach men out of the blue , unenticed too ? straight men generally do n't go around enticing eachother tbh . not usually , anyway . why is it okay to approach women you do n't know , but " unusual " to approach straight men you do n't know ?
you might have a concussion , i 'd see a doctor asap because you visited the doctor you might also like the gynaecologist because you liked the gynecologist you might want to watch rugrats gone wild
if you could grow all of your own food , what would you grow ? ( serious ) what would n't i grow ! ? the government does place heavy restrictions on some plants ...
wow scary stuff . glad to hear he is ok . me too ! ! thank you so much wow , your boyfriend should report it to the authorities where you are .
how would you define a psychopath ? the same way google defines it i imagine . i 'm asking what you think is a psychopath though
france got the two south america teams on its way to the final . come on france we believe in you brazil is no big deal , they will run like headless chicken because of 98 ' ptsd . nah , we got over that pretty quickly after winning in 2002 . ca n't say the same for the 7 - 1 , though ...
what is a great movie where the bad guy wins ? the usual suspects have n't seen it . i will look it up , thanks !
related question . does flint still not have not poisonous drinking water ? i believe the water source is good , but there are still some lead pipes out there causing problems if i am not mistaken . that is pretty brutal . this is one of those things that should be sorted in a week . not 2 or so years .
